[GEOS-10314] Features Templating - allow specifying root @type in the JSON-LD output and a different  name for features array - [GEOS-10315]  Features Templating - Allow injecting JSON-LD output in HTML (#5411)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/community/features-templating/directives.rst

JSON-LD
""""""""

> A JSON-LD template can be defined as a GeoJSON template since it is a JSON based output as well. However it needs to have a :code:`@context` attribute, object or array at the beginning of it in orther to conform to the standard. Moreover each JSON Object must have an :code:`@type` defining a type through a vocabulary term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JSON-LD template can be defined as a GeoJSON template since it is a JSON based output as well. However it needs to have a :code:`@context` attribute, object or array at the beginning of it in order to conform to the standard. Moreover each JSON Object must have an :code:`@type` defining a type through a vocabulary term.
```

Author: fixed

> To accomplish this requirements it is possible to specify a bounch of :code:`$options` on the template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accomplish these requirements it is possible to specify several :code:`$options` on the template:
```

Author: fixed

* :code:`@context` providing a full JSON-LD :code:`@context`.
* :code:`@type` providing a type term for the root JSON object in the final output (by default the value is :code:`FeatureCollection`).

> * :code:`collection_name` providing an alternative name for the features array in the final output (by default :code:`features` is used). The option is usefull in case the user wants to use a features attribute name equals to a specific term defined in a vocabulary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :code:`collection_name` providing an alternative name for the features array in the final output (by default :code:`features` is used). The option is useful in case the user wants to use a features attribute name equals to a specific term defined in a vocabulary.
```

Author: fixed

.. code-block:: json

  {
   "$options":{
      "encode_as_string": true,

>       "collection_name":"features",

Reviewer 2: This example can cause confusion: is usage of "collection_name" mandatory now, because why specify a default value otherwise? If you want to show it, maybe use a value that's not the default? Or build a second example?

Author: fixed
